Add procedure to update container images (#4038)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_upgrading-your-project-server.adoc

----
+
This prevents the upgrade process from overwriting your DNS and DHCP configuration.
ifdef::upgrading-connected[]

> * If you use Insights in your environment, update to the latest container images:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you use Insights in your environment, ensure you're logged in to `registry.redhat.io` so that the latest container images can be downloaded:
```
